# Multi-functional-Keras-generator

A generator is an object that feed the large dataset in small batches into deep learning models to avoid depletion of RAM. 

In this project, I used RNN models to demonstrate the usage of the generator.  RNN models require feeding texts in matrix form. Therefore, I define my generator such that it turns the texts from pandas dataframe read from a csv file into matrices. For this conversion process, I implemented some data processing: 1. the non-English and non-number characters and infrequent words are removed. 2. The remaining texts are tokenized, their corresponding word vectors are extracted from trained skip-gram model, and the vectors are stacked vertically. (for technology classification, I let the matrix to have maximum 100 rows. Examples with less than 1 tokenized words are removed. For citation level project task, I let the matrix to have maximum 200 rows. Examples with less than 50 tokenized words are removed.) I zero padded (truncated) the matrix in cases where the number of tokens are less(more) than 100 or 200 respectively.) 3. 100 such matrices are bundled into a minibatch and fed into and RNN models by the generator. 4. At the end of each training epoch, the indexes for generating minibatches are shuffled to ensure robustness of the model.

This generator has a lot of parameters that can be adjusted, so user can easily customize it to suit his or her needs easily. Further information on the generator will be further discussed.....
